README.md, before:

# Vanilla TypeScript Boilerplate

This is a reusable boilerplate for building vanilla TypeScript projects with TailwindCSS, Prettier, Vite, and more. It is designed for fast prototyping and easy project setup.

## Features

- **TypeScript**: Type-safe development for scalable JavaScript projects.
- **Vite**: Lightning-fast development server and build tool.
- **TailwindCSS**: Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
- **Prettier**: Code formatter for consistent style.
- **Lucide**: Beautiful and consistent icon library.
- **ESLint**: Linting tool for code quality and consistency.
- **Anime.js**: Animation library for web interfaces.
- **Axios**: Promise-based HTTP client for the browser and Node.js.
- **date-fns**: Modern JavaScript date utility library.
- **GSAP**: Robust JavaScript animation library.
- **markdown-it**: Markdown parser for JavaScript.
- **marked**: Fast markdown parser and compiler.
- **remark**: Markdown processor powered by plugins.
- **remark-html**: Plugin to compile Markdown to HTML.
- **uuid**: Simple, fast generation of RFC4122 UUIDs.
- **zod**: TypeScript-first schema validation with static type inference.
- **@tailwindcss/forms**: TailwindCSS plugin for better form styles.
- **@tailwindcss/typography**: TailwindCSS plugin for beautiful typographic defaults.
- **@tailwindcss/vite**: TailwindCSS integration for Vite.
- **@eslint/css, @eslint/js, @eslint/json, @eslint/markdown**: ESLint plugins for various file types.
- **@testing-library/dom, @testing-library/user-event**: DOM testing utilities.
- **cross-env**: Set environment variables across platforms.
- **globals**: List of global variables for ESLint.
- **husky**: Git hooks made easy.
- **lint-staged**: Run linters on git staged files.
- **postcss-nested**: PostCSS plugin to nest CSS rules.
- **rollup-plugin-visualizer**: Visualize size of Rollup bundle.
- **sass**: CSS preprocessor.
- **typescript-eslint**: TypeScript plugin for ESLint.
- **vitest**: Vite-native unit testing framework.

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/muhammad-fiaz/VanillaJS-Boilerplate.git
cd VanillaJS-Boilerplate
```

Or copy the structure and files from this repo into your own project folder.

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

### 4. Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

### 5. Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Project Structure

```text
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── main.ts
│   ├── style.css
│   └── vite-env.d.ts
├── index.html
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
├── vite.config.ts
├── bun.lock
```

## Customization
- Edit `src/main.ts` for your app logic.
- Edit `src/style.css` for custom styles.
- Configure TailwindCSS in `tailwind.config.js` (if present).
- Update Prettier settings in `.prettierrc` or `.prettierignore`.

## Linting
This project uses ESLint for code quality. To run linting:
```bash
npx eslint src/
```
Configure ESLint rules in `eslint.config.js`.

## Sample Demo Page

The boilerplate includes a demo page with a button. When you click "Say Hello", it displays a message using TypeScript and TailwindCSS styling. You can extend this page using any of the included libraries, such as Lucide for icons, Anime.js or GSAP for animations, and Markdown parsers for rich content.

## Useful Links
- [TailwindCSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [Vite Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Prettier Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/index.html)
- [Lucide Documentation](https://lucide.dev/)
- [ESLint Documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/)
- [Anime.js Documentation](https://animejs.com/)
- [Axios Documentation](https://axios-http.com/)
- [date-fns Documentation](https://date-fns.org/)
- [GSAP Documentation](https://greensock.com/gsap/)
- [markdown-it Documentation](https://markdown-it.github.io/)
- [marked Documentation](https://marked.js.org/)
- [remark Documentation](https://remark.js.org/)
- [uuid Documentation](https://github.com/uuidjs/uuid)
- [zod Documentation](https://zod.dev/)
- [Vitest Documentation](https://vitest.dev/)

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Update README.md with simplified license section

README.md, after:

# Vanilla TypeScript Boilerplate

This is a reusable boilerplate for building vanilla TypeScript projects with TailwindCSS, Prettier, Vite, and more. It is designed for fast prototyping and easy project setup.

## Features

- **TypeScript**: Type-safe development for scalable JavaScript projects.
- **Vite**: Lightning-fast development server and build tool.
- **TailwindCSS**: Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
- **Prettier**: Code formatter for consistent style.
- **Lucide**: Beautiful and consistent icon library.
- **ESLint**: Linting tool for code quality and consistency.
- **Anime.js**: Animation library for web interfaces.
- **Axios**: Promise-based HTTP client for the browser and Node.js.
- **date-fns**: Modern JavaScript date utility library.
- **GSAP**: Robust JavaScript animation library.
- **markdown-it**: Markdown parser for JavaScript.
- **marked**: Fast markdown parser and compiler.
- **remark**: Markdown processor powered by plugins.
- **remark-html**: Plugin to compile Markdown to HTML.
- **uuid**: Simple, fast generation of RFC4122 UUIDs.
- **zod**: TypeScript-first schema validation with static type inference.
- **@tailwindcss/forms**: TailwindCSS plugin for better form styles.
- **@tailwindcss/typography**: TailwindCSS plugin for beautiful typographic defaults.
- **@tailwindcss/vite**: TailwindCSS integration for Vite.
- **@eslint/css, @eslint/js, @eslint/json, @eslint/markdown**: ESLint plugins for various file types.
- **@testing-library/dom, @testing-library/user-event**: DOM testing utilities.
- **cross-env**: Set environment variables across platforms.
- **globals**: List of global variables for ESLint.
- **husky**: Git hooks made easy.
- **lint-staged**: Run linters on git staged files.
- **postcss-nested**: PostCSS plugin to nest CSS rules.
- **rollup-plugin-visualizer**: Visualize size of Rollup bundle.
- **sass**: CSS preprocessor.
- **typescript-eslint**: TypeScript plugin for ESLint.
- **vitest**: Vite-native unit testing framework.

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/muhammad-fiaz/VanillaJS-Boilerplate.git
cd VanillaJS-Boilerplate
```

Or copy the structure and files from this repo into your own project folder.

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

### 4. Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

### 5. Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Project Structure

```text
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── main.ts
│   ├── style.css
│   └── vite-env.d.ts
├── index.html
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
├── vite.config.ts
├── bun.lock
```

## Customization
- Edit `src/main.ts` for your app logic.
- Edit `src/style.css` for custom styles.
- Configure TailwindCSS in `tailwind.config.js` (if present).
- Update Prettier settings in `.prettierrc` or `.prettierignore`.

## Linting
This project uses ESLint for code quality. To run linting:
```bash
npx eslint src/
```
Configure ESLint rules in `eslint.config.ts`.


## Useful Links
- [TailwindCSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [Vite Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Prettier Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/index.html)
- [Lucide Documentation](https://lucide.dev/)
- [ESLint Documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/)
- [Anime.js Documentation](https://animejs.com/)
- [Axios Documentation](https://axios-http.com/)
- [date-fns Documentation](https://date-fns.org/)
- [GSAP Documentation](https://greensock.com/gsap/)
- [markdown-it Documentation](https://markdown-it.github.io/)
- [marked Documentation](https://marked.js.org/)
- [remark Documentation](https://remark.js.org/)
- [uuid Documentation](https://github.com/uuidjs/uuid)
- [zod Documentation](https://zod.dev/)
- [Vitest Documentation](https://vitest.dev/)

## License

This project is licensed as MIT. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.
